Previously on
The Expanse...
Show me incident
reports for the docks for
Juliette Andromeda Mao.
Hold it right there.
How much are they
paying you to find her?
Come on,
Gia's down there.
What?
She kind of needs
us here, pal.
You want to take it?
Go.
Yeah, all right.
No...
Remember the  Cant?
You're an OPA terrorist.
You were carrying contraband
stealth technology.
What was it for?
Get those sensors pointed
toward the  Donnager.
I need a full report.
But judging by the file names,
these are government records.
Okay.
This guy was
a data broker.
Well, whatever he brokered,
must have been
important enough
to get him killed.
Authorize full operational
control of all systems
for everyone now on board.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Dr. Omari to Intake,
please.
Dr. Omari to Intake.
You're an idiot.
Nice
to see you too,
Miller.
Havelock,
you don't listen.
I told you.
I said,
keep your head down,
keep your eyes open.
Especially
in the Medina.
I told you
I was going there
to...
Please tell me this is
just a get-well present
for yourself?
Please, put it
on my tab, huh?
You don't know
what you're talking about,
Miller.
She's been
teaching me.
I'm getting
pretty good, too.
Ka na te nada,
Dmitri...
You think all this
is gonna help you?
Man, the next spike's
gonna go right through
your skull.
Yeah, coming from
a real fountain
of police wisdom.
You know, look the other way,
take your bribe,
do as little as possible.
Hey, you see
any extra holes in me,
pal?
'Im was brave for
come check on me.
Other police
no come down to
the  Rosse Buurt.
Come on.
You think
she cares about you?
What's the name
of the scumbag
that paid you
to lure him down
to the Medina,
so they could
jam up a cop?
Pashang fong,
zakomang.
Oh, and me
without my wallet.
Too bad.
You put your hands
on her again
and you see how fast
I get out of this bed,
Miller.
Oh!
Look who's up.
Did you
get enough sleep,
Princess?
Come here and help me.
Do you know
what you're doing?
I fix ships,
not people.
God damn it!
Just hold him
still.
Where's Alex?
I'm comin',
I'm comin'.
Oh, Jesus!
Oh, patch him up.
I'm not Shed,
I don't know
what I'm doing.
Neither did he.
Just give him
the shot.
Which one do I use first?
The antisep' or the...
That solves that.
Good as new.
Whatever you say,
boss.
What's our status?
Oh, hoss. She is one
beautiful lady.
She purrs
like a kitty
at 12 Gs.
No, no, no, no.
Is anybody
following us?
No, sir.
Scope's clear.
I shut down
the drive and
the transponder
as soon as
we'd cleared
the debris field.
And right now,
we're just a tumbleweedin'
piece of scrap metal.
So, as far as we know,
nobody made it off
the  Donnager...
That's correct.
And no one knows
that we're alive?
That's right.
Then who
just sent us a message?
Belu is
your favorite color.
Try that one
first.
Uh-oh.
Oh.
That's okay,
Hinekiri.
Try again.
You can do it.
That's a match.
You ta ge im.
Vedi.
Vedi ere wango.
Kom wango.
You keep
practicing.
Try again.
This is
Anderson Station.
Go ahead.
Anderson Station,
this is UN1.
Are you ready
to surrender?
Survivors
of the Donnager,
my name is
Fred Johnson,
Director of Operations
at Tycho Station.
I don't know
who you are,
or what your intent
may be,
but unless you're trying
to start a war,
you need
to contact me.
I can help you.
He shouldn't have been able
to track us.
But he did.
Hey, isn't he some kinda
big-shot for the OPA?
Yeah,
what does it matter?
He offered us
help.
We have to go
somewhere.
Well, I say we fly
to the nearest Mars base
and turn ourselves in.
That's
an excellent idea.
We'll just roll up
in a stolen
Mickey Corvette,
with a dead Martian
in the trunk.
I'm sure
they'll roll out
the red carpet.
Hey, smartass.
A lot of
good Martians died
saving our lives,
so we get
the truth out.
The comms
on the  Donnager
were jammed
during the attack.
The only Martians
who'd believe us
are dead.
So, let's just
burn hard to Ceres
and we'll take
our chances.
No port
is going to let us dock
with our transponder off.
And the minute
we turn it on,
every Martian ship
in the system
will know it.
Think about it,
we're the only survivors
from the  Canterbury
and the  Donnager.
We look like
terrorists.
No one's gonna
believe our story.
I wouldn't believe us.
Fred Johnson
just offered us
a lifeline.
I say we take it.
We're not going
to Tycho.
You got
any other ideas?
You can't trust
Fred Johnson.
We all know
what he's capable of.
That was, like,
10 years ago.
People change.
The Martians said
you were OPA.
Stop talking
about stuff that you
know nothing about,
because...
I vote "no."
Holden's got a point.
We gotta go
somewhere.
Amos?
I'm with you,
boss.
Then it's two
against two.
We're not going
anywhere.
Heard it was
Golden Bough that
took out the  Donnager.
OPA's got
gunships now, too.
Things just
getting started.
Dirtsiders
won't pay us no mind,
unless we make them.
Star Helix, guys.
Just calm down,
okay?
The power
will be back on
in a minute.
Course it is.
No Earther's pet
gonna tell me to calm down.
It's over, cop...
Hey,
what're you doing?
Are you crazy?
He don't
deserve to breathe
the Belter folks' air.
Watch your eyes, cop.
I wanna kill that guy.
Remember the Cant?
His name's
Filat Kothari,
Loca Greiga muscle.
Sayonara,  Ceres,
that's my
going-away present
to you!
Onto bigger
and better things.
It was posted
a couple minutes ago.
It's everywhere.
Does Miller know yet?
He didn't show
today.
Anubis...
Show me this, uh, ship's
flight path.
Show me...
Julie's
projected flight path
for the  Scopuli.
Go 3D.
In the wake of
the riots,
the Governor's orders
were to proceed
with extreme caution
when dealing
with any known
OPA members...
Luckily,
this asshole's
not OPA.
So, if he resists,
take him out.
If he runs,
shoot him.
And if
he accidentally
falls out an airlock,
that's life.
Havelock is one of us.
This is still our station.
Let's make sure
that people don't
think otherwise.
Semi.
Long time, partner.
Listen,
I need a favor.
I need you to run down
a transponder code for me,
okay?
It's for a ship
called the  "Anubus,"
or,  "Anubis."
I'm going to spell it.
A-N-U-B-I-S.
Thanks, buddy,
I owe you one.
Or, are we even?
What're you
doing here?
Could ask you
the same thing.
Oh...
Figured
you'd be out
hunting down
the guy
who jacked up
your partner.
Yeah, yeah,
I'm just finishing up
a few things, um...
What's that smell?
It's called, uh, coffee.
That's what I mean.
Since when
do you drink coffee?
Have you seen
the footage of
Havelock and Kothari?
Planning on doing
anything about it?
Yeah.
I was planning on
hunting the guy down
and killing him.
Real slow.
Where's the guy
going to go?
Oh.
Right after
you find your
little rich girl,
shake down her daddy
for a big payday.
Yeah, that's it.
You got me.
All right. Well, Miller.
I'll, I'll leave you to it.
You know, everything
going on out there,
all this shitstorm
that we're in,
it's all got to do
with her.
Julie Mao.
Okay.
I'm listening.
You know
that memory crypt
that we took out
of that stiff?
Yeah?
All right.
Go 3D.
It had
an unregistered
flight path
for a ship
called the  Anubis,
Anubis.
The Anubis left
Phoebe Research Station,
and it was
headed for Eros,
okay?
Now, I'm thinking,
"Hmm,
maybe something's being
transported on this ship."
I'm thinking,
"Julie's ship was sent out
to intercept it."
And then, suddenly,
ships start blowing up,
the  Canterbury,
the  Donnager,
it's got to be
connected.
Does Shaddid know
about any of this?
I told her
about Julie, I told her
about the  Scopuli.
I don't know,
she didn't bite.
I need more...
I need more pieces
to the puzzle.
What do you think
is on this  "Anubis" ?
Something.
Something worth
spilling a lot of blood
over.
Miller,
maybe this is
above your pay-grade.
You don't think
I can do it, huh?
I can crack the case?
No, I mean,
you need to take this
upstairs.
Yeah, well, maybe.
Until then,
I'll just, uh...
I guess I'll do
my pathetic best.
.
Yeah we hear you loud and clear
UN1
but we don't think
that you're hearing us.
The terms we've outlined
are clear and simple,
and until they're met,
we're not giving up
control of this station.
We want to negotiate
peacefully...
Mr. Marama, I need you
to listen very carefully.
We will not
listen to threats.
We do not negotiate
with terrorists.
Is that clear?
Yes, I understand.
Think about your children.
UN Command out.
Anderson Station out.
We've taken this
as far as we can.
Aw, the hell
we have!
It's only been
a few days.
They're
not going to attack
a bunch of civilians.
They're calling us
terrorists.
Of course
they are!
Gero, we need
to surrender now.
I'll take charge
if you're losing
your nerve.
You can't
tell us to stop.
You don't speak
for all of us.
We voted together,
and we're all
in this together.
We're not
giving up on this.
We should've dumped
a few more  bosmain
into space,
when we had
the chance.
The station manager
was an accident.
Is that
the kind of people
we are now?
No, that's
the kind of people
they made us.
We have to
fight back.
With what?
We're not soldiers.
If we surrender now,
it's as good as
killing our own children.
What the hell
was that?
They've taken out
the generators!
Don't be scared,
okay?
Shh, shh, shh.
You know
I'm an engineer?
Show me
drive diagnostics
and core levels.
Life support.
What's going on?
Oh, I don't know,
ask the ship,
it seems
to know everything.
It sure beats
the buckets that we've
been on in the past.
There's nothing to fix.
You fixed my leg.
Why not go to Tycho,
if we got nowhere else
to go?
It's a long story.
I always back your play
because you always
do the right thing.
But usually,
I can figure out why.
It's not the place.
It's the man.
Fred Johnson?
You know him?
I've known guys
like him.
Guys with causes.
Causes that
get people killed.
So where
should we go?
Tell Fred Johnson
to clear us a berth.
We're good to go.
You talked Naomi
into it?
With our track record,
we'll probably get Tycho
blown to smithereens, too.
Run through the files
on the dock incident.
Slow down. Mmm.
Give me a better look
at the people.
Now hold it there.
Stop.
You knew him.
Identify that man.
Dark rum,
Javier.
And, uh, whatever
the detective's
drinking.
Right away,
Mr. Dawes.
Nothing for me.
Strange times,
indeed.
Call it
a conflict
of interest.
Whatever gets you
through the day,
beratna.
To keeping
the peace...
You know,
the holding cells
are full of OPA tats.
Street trash
and radical factions
are not OPA,
despite
what their skin
tells you.
Good answer.
I'm sorry
about your partner.
An appalling
injustice.
And I assure you,
the piece of trash
who tried to crucify him
is not one of our ranks.
What's worse,
he's not even
remorseful.
How would
you know that?
Because,
as we speak,
he's in
an OPA safe house.
He believes
he's under
my protection.
Open your eyes,
Detective. Look around.
They're as open
as I can manage.
Yet, you don't see
what I see.
What do you see?
A Ceres for Belters.
Run by Belters.
Run by you?
If I live that long.
Right now, the OPA
controls most of the grids.
Air, power, water...
The very lifeblood
of the station.
And if the Earthers
don't play nice...
All we've ever known
is low-g
and an atmosphere
we can't breathe.
Earthers get to walk
outside into the light,
breathe pure air,
look up at a blue
sky, and see something
that gives them hope.
And what do they do?
They look past that light...
Past that blue sky...
They see the stars,
and they think, "Mine."
What's your point?
Earthers have a home.
It's time Belters
had one, too.
It's important we
don't get distracted
from that goal...
There's a single
contact in that unit.
Call it, and you'll get
Filat Kothari's location.
He's yours, to do whatever
you think is right to...
Sounds like a bribe.
I haven't asked
you for anything.
Yet. What do you want?
A simple exchange
of information.
Julie Mao was one of ours.
I want to find out
what happened to her
just as much as you do.
You think a man
like Filat Kothari
deserves to walk free?
Because he will.
Far away from here.
Nobody wants that.
Go get your justice, Miller.
Make it pretty.
Let's do this
again real soon.
They're done talking.
Have they been jamming
our communications
this whole time?
The only patch we
have is the tight-beam
to their negotiator.
So, no one outside
of the station knows
this is happening?
That's why we
need to surrender.
Do it.
We're surrendering
to the Marines.
No.
We did everything we could...
Hinekiri, show Daddy
how smart you are, okay?
Okay.
UN Command, this
is Anderson Station.
We're issuing our
unconditional surrender.
We're unarmed.
We have women
and children with us.
Copy?
I repeat, we surrender.
UN 1, please respond.
Emergency in
the Belt as Ceres Station
is ravaged by violent riots.
Fifteen police officers were
hurt and dozens were arrested
as security clashed
with Belter extremists.
It all centers
on accusations...
Holy crap.
...that the Martian government
was responsible for the
destruction of The Canterbury,
a Pur & Kleen contracted
water hauler, on its way...
Amos, get over here,
check this out.
...to the already parched
Asteroid Belt Station.
This was the scene as police
were assaulted, businesses
looted and innocents trampled,
while the wave of
anti-colonial outrage
tore through the station's
impoverished Medina District.
Holy shit.
Protests demanding justice
for lost ship Canterbury
and her crew gave
way to violent mobs
who targeted Martians...
Looks like we're
not the only ones
who remember the  Cant.
Retaliation for what some
are calling a massacre,
and others dismissing as
a mere industrial accident.
What the hell?
It can't be...
What's up?
Hey, um...
I just hooked into a feed
from Ganymede and uh...
Hey, when you sent that
message to Fred Johnson,
you didn't give him our
names or anything, did you?
No, of course not.
Well, partner, it's gonna
be kinda hard for you
to stay anonymous now.
Let me know if you
want your face to
look a little different.
Attention. Any ships
without Earth or Mars
issued DC-14 clearance
must submit to
inspection upon arrival.
Julie Mao. You know her.
You never asked a girl down at
the docks if she was looking
for some drilling work?
That's the last stupid
thing you get to say to
me during this interview.
Julie Mao chartered my
ship, but that was a couple
of years ago. It was nothing.
Why? Why would she charter
a piece of shit like this?
She wanted to tour the
Belt. Figured her for
a dirtsider, slumming.
Flirting with the OPA,
sticking it to her old man
at the same time...
You were trying
to recruit her...
My days of giving
a damn are long gone, pal.
OPA throws me work
from time to time.
Happy to wear their
tat, take their money.
Happy to take Julie
Mao's money, too, huh?
Babe in the woods,
long way from home...
You're as wrong
about her as I was.
Yeah?
A month into the trip,
we stopped over at
the mines on Callisto.
News was that
a tunnel collapse had
torn open veins of cadmium,
and people were
dying from the vapors.
After two days down at
the aid camp, I begged
Julie to get out of there.
But she said she was okay.
She said she felt safe.
She stayed down in the mines,
breathing the same poisoned
air as those Belters,
eating the same
contaminated food.
She was helping kids
who'd lost their parents,
folks who were choking on
the blood in their lungs.
I never saw her shed a tear
over the fact that she had
to take anti-cancer meds
for the rest of her life...
Only time I did
see her cry was, uh...
These Belters
at a rally,
they told her,
"You're one of us now."
You admired her.
And how long were you
sleeping with her?
Is that what you came
here to find out?
I'm done talking
to you, badge.
You can take it out on
me if you want to, but...
The  Scopuli.
You know, that ship
that started that
whole mess out there?
Julie was on it.
Jesus... Jesus Christ.
You were trying to
stop her from getting
involved in something ugly.
I want to know what it was.
She was hanging around
some hardcore OPA.
Like?
Anderson Dawes.
What for?
I don't know.
A few weeks
before she shipped out,
she asked me
to hook her up
with a data broker.
This guy.
Where can I find him?
I don't know.
Where does he work out of?
Come on! He'd...
He'd kill me
if I told you.
I just saw him
at the morgue.
He's on his way
to the recycler.
He's mushroom food.
You want to join him?
Tech Noir, Level 14.
Ask the clerk
for a Sherpa.
Sherpa?
Yeah.
Do you think Julie's dead?
You should've stopped her.
Nobody could stop Julie
from doing anything
she wanted to do.
You should've protected her.
But you didn't.
She still got
on that ship, huh?
You don't understand Julie.
She went out there,
and probably got
herself killed
over some stupid cause
she barely understood anyway.
.
We surrender, do you copy?
UN Command,
we surrender.
Do you copy?
Everyone's ready.
They're not listening.
What do you mean?
Imalowda na listening!
What do we do?
No.
No. If we have a voice,
we can still be heard.
How?
There's an auxiliary
tight-beam transmitter
mounted on Toro 5.
I think it's just outside
their jamming range.
I should be able
to relay the station's
camera footage
and broadcast out.
My name is Marama Brown.
Four days ago,
the miners working for the
Anderson-Hyosung Corporation
took control of this station,
in an effort to protest the
treatment of our children.
Sitara mali.
This is my daughter, Kiri.
She and, uh...
She and the other children
have been diagnosed with
what the medics are calling
hypoxic brain injury.
It's due to the low-oxygen
working environments.
She got it
when she came
to live here with me.
But the company
is refusing us
medical assistance,
and they're denying
that a problem even exists.
We're not a violent people.
We didn't intend
for anyone to be hurt
during our protests,
and for that, we...
And for that, I am sorry.
We have tried repeatedly
to surrender to
the UN Marines. But...
We just wanted to be heard
for the sake of our children.
Anderson Station
is secure. All terrorists
have been subdued.
Well done, Colonel. Well done.
You have my
solemn promise that
you will not be harmed.
And you will be granted
safe harbor on Tycho.
Since you've chosen
to remain anonymous,
I can only hope you
have no hostile intent.
Regardless, you will need to
change your transponder code
in order to avoid detection.
The instructions are
embedded in this message.
Do not deviate from them
in any way. Safe journey.
Have you done this before?
Yeah, about once a week.
Well, you're doing great.
Transponders are designed
not to be tampered with.
Civilian models fuse
themselves into lumps
of molten graphene if
they get messed with.
We could be a supernova
a few seconds from now.
Well, we won't have to
worry about Tycho, will we?
We need to give
the ship a new name
to complete the override.
Screamin' Firehawk.
Yeah, let's advertise
that we're a gun ship.
Flying Alamo.
No.
Give me something,
please.
Rocinante.
Huh?
It's Spanish, for...
Workhorse.
I like it.
I knew a lady
named Rocinante.
She was good to me.
Whatever. Punch it.
How many times
do I have to tell you
I don't want any?
Yeah, we're good.
That's good.
What you need,
Mister Star Helix?
Runnin' a special on some
fine new digital duster
sims we just got in stock.
Inners of the Inners 9 & 10.
I'm looking for a Sherpa...
Sherpa...
Na sasas...
So, a guy comes in,
says he wants a Sherpa,
you come back here,
tell this dude he's got
a customer. Is that right?
Yeah. Him worked back
here. That's all I know.
Okay, go.
Ohh...
Hey! (GRUNTING) Hey!
Fixed & Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
Please rate this subtitle at www.osdb.link/6ygmp
Help other users to choose the best subtitles